welcome to ESPN's exclusive presentation
of Circuit City poll week
it's another perfect night in San Diego
on either Purple Passion the second best
for the pac-10 and big 12 the cats from
the Midwest the dogs
these are the new Huskies Rick Neuheisel
Speier has reenergized a program and put
the barn back in u-dub football armed
with an explosive quarterback who's on
the mark with his arm and on the run
with his leg
he'll Snyder's energized the turnaround
of the century instead of another losing
decade players like explosive punt
returner David Allen have made the 90s a
decade of consistency
if you dare run on the D there's a man
in the middle to just say go
runner-up from the pac-10 Washington
looks for the upset against number 7
Kansas State the beauty of the city is
matched by this bold pageantry
Qualcomm Stadium San Diego for the 22nd
Culligan Holiday Bowl a state Washington
hi everyone likes Rico so glad you've
joined us when this decade started
Kansas State was the worst program in
Division one 90s they're in the top 10
86 wins but think about this only one of
those wins has been against the top 10
team and then three and three in bowl
games in a clunker last year and the
alamo bowl against Purdue tonight Kansas
State can't win the national title but
they can finish in the top five with a
victory and maybe more importantly they
can earn back some of the respect they
lost all week last year I'm joined by
the Thursday night guys
Lee Corso Kirk Herbstreit last year guys
we talked k-state football with Michael
Bishop this year we talked Wildcat
football it's the deep interview well if
you look at their defense coordinator
Phil Bennett he's enjoyed his first stay
in Manhattan Kansas because of the way
his defense has dominated teams they use
a lot of speed and pressure to suffocate
opposing offenses look at some of the
numbers they don't lie he has been
dominating as a coach and his players
have been dominating as a team you could
see where they ranked and the nation
most important stat there they get off
the field they only allow 22% on third
down conversions and that is very very
impressive tonight because of
Washington's ability to run the football
some run oriented attack they're gonna
overload that line of scrimmage hoping
to put Washington an obvious passing
downs and then bring the house and blitz
all night but they're gonna have to be
careful because Washington has a
talented quarterback by the name of
Marcus Tullius and so far you know Kirk
to attacked at Kansas State defense
Washington will use their star
quarterback junior quarterback Marcus
Tuiasosopo now Marcus runs the throws of
all an average of 43 times a game at 75%
of Washington snaps he accounted for 18
touchdowns which is over 50% of the
Washington score so it's obvious Kansas
State's got to do something to stop
marques Tuiasosopo candy that's the
question
no one else has we'll wait and see
lady to EASA solo replace prop hero led
the Huskies to their fifth consecutive
ball game only Stanford had a better
record in the pac-10 this year
and estate 97 seasons one ballgame this
is their seven consecutive ball game
Jerry Plus joins us and we'll pick up
the toliet Holiday Bowl next